Your other screen don't work,
but you have one screen.
Let me know when people are here, son;
I can't tell here. Is
it
good?
Yeah, it's not.
I'm
saying
seven.
It's saying seven right now,
but—well,
good morning,
good evening.
Thank you for joining so quickly.
We're waiting; we're having a lot of
technical issues.
That's why I'm late.
That's why I usually do not announce
when I'm coming on here live.
The enemy does not like this prayer
time, obviously. And so,
I'm not frustrated. I know
that we're a threat. You know,
it's exciting when you know you're
poking them in the eye.
But
we've had a lot of stuff going on with
all our internet and our cameras and
everything else, so it's been
a little bit of a
hiccup here today.
So, is it working now? Everything's
good?
800? Okay, good. Well, praise the Lord.
Well, good afternoon, good evening, and
good night, whatever, wherever you
are in the world. Thank you for joining
us again today. We're going to just
take right off. I don't have a lot of
time here now because I'm a
little behind. So, I'm going to just get
right into it and pray with y'all.
Yesterday when we were praying, the
glory of the Lord filled our hotel room,
and it was—I told Braden,
we all felt it—it was the peace
that passes all understanding, just
that weightiness of the presence of God
filled this room. And I was surprised,
honestly. I mean, you're in a hotel
that's not your house and,
you know, on the road like this, and the
glory of the Lord shows up like that. I
was just in awe at just the
presence of the Lord, and it was
just exciting that the Lord
would visit like that.
We've been at the prayer conference
and
praying over what they feel led to pray
over concerning America and things
like that. But my heart is going to
tell you this: Jesus Christ is coming.
You must know this.
You must have an urgency
about our Father's return.
It is time that the body of Christ
has urgency and wakes up. We are in the
last of the last of the last seconds
before the coming of the Lord Jesus
Christ. We see the wars and the rumors
of wars. We see
Israel and what's going on with
Israel, watching the fig tree. But as we
pray today,
the enemy within—we'll just pick up where
we left off yesterday with the terrorist
attacks.
I know what the Lord is showing me.
They were picking up on some of it today
concerning July
the 4th of this year because it's
an
anniversary year. It's the big
celebration. I think it's 200 and some
years or whatever it is, the
250th
for the United States of America.
But what I'm picking up on is way
before
July of 2026.
We must pray for our elections in
2026 for sure. This is a
major hot spot for everything that I'm
getting concerning November of next
year. This time next year,
I pray we've already prayed this thing
through. We don't need to be coming up
to the wire and praying it through; we
need to tackle this thing now. The
elections of 2026, if we do not keep
the Senate and the House
and get some better
judges in our nation, it won't do any
good to even have the presidency. We
must keep the Senate
with more of a majority and the House
to push through some of the things that
I have seen.
Now,
I believe that we
have—there's
power in numbers, there's
power in prayer. And it's so
exciting to meet some of you all. I met
some people from Sweden today, some from
Mexico,
and
another man who just saw me. I
said, "Are you here for the prayer
conference?"He
said, "No, I just came
here for a vacation."You know,
Branson, Missouri is a major hot spot for
vacation for a lot of people. And
Sister Billie said that today, that an
average of 8 million people come through
here every single year.
And when I was driving around today, the
Lord said, "I told you this."He said,
"I'm getting it ready for the revival.
Do you remember what I said?"I said,
"Yes, Lord,
you
picked a good spot. 8 million visitors
a year."And she said, "That's more
people that visit here than visit
Israel."And
I was like,
"That's amazing for this
little bitty town, that we have more
visitors come here in this little area
in Branson, Missouri than Israel has in
all of the tourist season of Israel in a
whole
entire single
year."That's
amazing. So, it
shows why the Lord picked Branson,
Missouri for a major revival, because
there's already all these people coming
here. So, He picked a hot spot in
America. He said, "I choose
to pick the central part of America on
the New Madrid fault. This is going to
be a major place for a major shaking to
awaken, and a great revival will come to
Branson, Missouri."And as I was driving
around today, the roads were so
congested with so many people coming
here for fall break, I just thought,
you know,
like Sister Billie always says, "Oh, what
a plan. Oh, what a
planner."And
I'm telling you all, I have
such high expectations. I can, as
I'm in the exact
spot
where I've always seen the visions
looking out over where the sun is
setting,
looking out and the Lord's saying,
"Brandon,
this dispensation of grace is coming
to
an end.
The ark door is closing. Jesus is
coming."Do
you understand, ladies and
gentlemen? We're about to have the
greatest harvest of souls. And I say
that all the time, but I want to be
that steady
drum that keeps warning you about what's
coming. So, we see Zelensky in the White
House today asking for Tomahawks.
And I said, "This is not a
coincidence."I
saw this way before they are even
talking about this, folks.
And here President Trump—oh, and then
Putin had the meeting there saying,
"We need to talk about this. We don't
want those long-range missiles coming
into Moscow."And the reach
was way beyond Moscow for what these
missiles are able to do. But Zelensky
was
putting a demand on the relationship
with the United States of America
stating that he wanted long-range
missiles to go way deep into Russia,
and we don't want that. So, that's why
we're praying, because I believe prayer
changes things. But it is important that
we realize that we are
going to avert World War
III in a great capacity in some
areas. Now, can we stop the whole thing?
No. But I believe we can stop some of
it.
We can cause some peace in some of it,
maybe delay some of it, I don't know.
But the Lord said some of this stuff is
going to happen because His Word said it
would. So, we see these things happening
in the news and what they're talking
about, and I'm like—I told Diana, I
said, "You know what's amazing to me is
whenever you're seeing
it
in prayer weeks before, and then you
start seeing it in the news
weeks after, right?"And you just go,
"Wow, Lord. Wow. Wow. Nothing happens
on
this earth before He reveals it to
His servants, the prophets, and I
believe the watchmen
of this generation."He said, "I'm
bringing in my closers."And He keeps
bringing that up to me. It's time for
impartation. You know what was
interesting? I felt to talk to
one of the key head prayer people,
Sister Lynne. And I told
D,
I said, "I feel I just would like
her to pray for us because she's a
general. She's been—she's taught
us prayer our whole entire lives. I mean,
since we were little kids walking
around, you know, barely in
diapers."And
it was an honor that she would
even talk to us, and
she's excited because she says she watches
our channel and stuff. And she
laid hands on Diana. And I've never seen
the power of God move on my wife like
that other than when we've been at some
Billy Burke meetings. But my wife's
hand shook under the power of God,
which I don't understand why, but
it shook under the power of God.
Now, usually it's always the whole
being—you
can feel it and it goes in
you—but
her right hand,
where Sister Lyn Hammond prayed for my
wife
and grabbed a hold of her hand,
shook for over an hour and she couldn't
control it. It was just under the
power of God. Her whole arm was; she
could feel it from her fingers all the
way up to her shoulder. Come and tell
them.
You're sitting here.
You tell them.
I ain't going to steal her thunder.
Here,
you can sit on my lap.
You want to sit right here? I don't
have
to—you
told it really good. I know.
Can you see her?
All right. Tell them.
Yeah. Whenever she laid hands on us and
prayed, she put her hand right here on
my arm. And when she did,
I felt the power of God go into
my arm. And it went all the way from
here to my elbow. And it traveled. It
kind of stopped right there,
but it was all through my hand. And I
just felt it vibrating like a
vibration,
like a current. And I was
watching my hand, and I was like—she was
praying and I was feeling
it—and
I was thinking, 'Wow, this is like my
hand. I can feel the power of God.'And I
was just weeping.
And then she put her hand up here on my
shoulder, and I felt it come all the way
down my arm clear to my elbow, and it
went all the way up and down.
My whole hand was just
under the power for
over an hour. It was like being electrocuted.
Yes. And it really was amazing
because I've never seen you do that. And
even our littlest was like, 'Daddy, can
Mommy control her
hand?'Because
Paisley was just staring at it, you
know, because her mom's hand was sitting
there just shaking. And it was just
amazing to see that. I knew there was
impartation—there's
something, because that's just not
normal
for us. And we don't put
on—we
ain't here for a show. We don't care.
You know, it's like to us, we're
just Brandon and Diana,
you know, and
there's
no performance. You get what
you get. I'm not here to try to entertain you. And that's why I've always
maintained that.
Keep being authentic. No matter how much
it gets bigger,
don't try to be a performance. There is
no time for performance. It's fake. I
don't like fake Christianity. I don't
like fake Holy Ghost stuff.
No,
I want the real, authentic move and
touch of the power of God. And if it's
not, I don't want it at all. I'm not
here, you know. I see some people and
you think, 'Is that real? Is that
whatever?'And
I don't try to judge them,
but I'm saying there are a lot of times
you realize that their flesh is
involved more than the spirit,
you know, and I'm just like, 'I don't want
to be one of those.'But I realize when
my wife
is getting a touch from the Lord, and
it's authentic, because Diana is a no-nonsense person. And so, it's
the
same with me. I'm
a no-nonsense person. I
don't play Holy Ghost. It's either real
or it's not. And because I see, I
don't give any courtesy falls. If the
power of God's not there to knock me on
my heinie, I don't want it, you know.
I'll resist it more than anything. And
so I just say, 'Hey,'because I'm not going to
let you push me down, either—'Holy Ghost
push.'You
know, people try to push
you down in the name of the
power of God and try to make you go down, and
you're
like, 'No, that's not the power of God.
That's you knocking me down with your
hand.
Stop with your
nonsense.'But
I'm just saying,
you know when the Lord is
authentically
touching somebody, and my wife got a
touch today, and I was so thankful for
that.
I told her, I said, 'We're Holy Ghost junkies.
We're going to find the
authentic.'And
Sister Lynn touched
Diana today, and it
was pretty awesome. So I just wanted to
tell you all that, you know.
Love you, baby.
So pretty cool. That's
not
you. Don't you understand what I'm
saying? You get the anointing of push on
you, and they ain't going to have the
anointing of push, and they start going,
and
you go, 'That's not the
anointing of the Holy Ghost. You're trying
to push people down.'And they give
you a courtesy fall because you're pushing
their head off. But I just like, you
know, I want authentic. And
there has been something authentic in our
life, and we've touched it and tasted it,
and I'm telling you, the Holy Spirit
is real, and it puts a bad taste in some
people's mouths whenever it's not. Now, I
get off on that because I come across people
and they
say, 'Well, is this real? Is
it? Is it not?'And I'm telling you, it's
real. When I've been prayed for by Billy
Burke,
you can't stand;
the glory comes in. And last night
when we had the move of God,
Max, who is an Arab-American
now—he
got radically saved—was a
Palestinian,
right? Is that right? He saw Jesus
walking around in the auditorium, and I
knew
it was authentic because of the way
he said it. Now, not every vision do I
believe; when somebody says they're
seeing things, I just go,
'Whatever.'But
this man I know
is authentic. His name is Max, and he
said he saw Jesus walking around last
night in the service. But you could feel
it.
You could feel the tangible presence of
God last night.
Diana and I were in there. We could see
the mist. And,
like I said, I
don't try to get all
hyper-spiritual
about stuff. If it's there, it's there.
If it's not, it's not. And it was there.
It
was the same. Diana said it wasn't as
thick as what we saw in the tent last
year at this meeting when we went to the
mountain and we went out there. They have
the fish fry and all the
things that are on Monday, and that's when
the Holy Spirit was so strong.
We
even saw it; it was so thick
you couldn't see through
it—the
glory cloud.
Last night, we started
worshiping,
and the glory of the Lord came in, and it
was tangible. Now, I didn't see Jesus,
but Max did, and I think another man.
Right.
So,
he was walking around the aisles
examining the troops, examining his
children.
And
when we were up there and they were
worshiping,
they started singing the
song. And she started singing,
and
the glory of the Lord came into the
building, and, ladies and
gentlemen, I kid you not, you could
see a mist in the atmosphere.
There was a heavy dew;
you could feel it. Now, I don't know if
everybody could see it, but there were quite
a few that said they did,
and you could feel the
presence—the
tangible presence of God.
And I'm all about it.
I told Sister
Billie
today, I said, 'I could park
myself in a meeting like that and never leave.'People
were—she
told
everybody they could go home
because
it was already so late, and
people didn't want to leave.
Some of them left, which I
think—they
missed out big time.
The people who left, I just don't,
honest to goodness, I don't know how you
can leave a service and say, 'Well, I'm
going home to go to bed.'What else is
there to
stay up for? If
God's there and the glory cloud's there,
you couldn't pay me a million
dollars to want to leave that.
I mean, seriously, the
tangible presence of God is in the
building, folks, and you want
to go lay on your pillow?
Forget it. I mean, there ain't
nothing in this world—that's all
that I'm living for is the presence
and the glory. So, we could feel it.
You could feel the tangible presence, and
you could feel the weightiness
of his presence.
But like I said, Max was blessed
with the vision of it,
to see the Lord Jesus walking
around
looking at people.
Some people were experiencing angels and
things like that, but it
was more that didn't than did. But
the glory,
everybody—I
think you would have to be spiritually
dead not to feel it. I mean seriously,
the atmosphere was
tangible—the
presence of God.
I'm
so grateful, so thankful to experience
the glory, so grateful. There is
nothing like it,
there's nothing like it.
And for all the
people who traveled—they had people
from, like I said, South Korea, they
had people from China, they had people
from all over the globe. They
brought them up today and were talking
about it. It was so cool to see so
many people came from so many
different places. And the people from
Switzerland.
Two different people from
And I didn't realize there are that many
different dialects in
Switzerland.
German,
Italian,
French—three
different languages in different
sectors. I didn't realize that.
So we had the French represented here,
and we had the Germans, from what I
understood. So I thought, 'Well, praise
God.'But
really, really beautiful,
really beautiful what the Lord is doing,
but I'm expecting even more. You know,
I know there's more.
I know there's more. And I believe
we are just entering in—first the
blade, then the ear, then the full
manifestation. I believe for this
revival that we're experiencing, I
believe we're just entering into it. You
can just barely see that blade coming up
out of the ground for what's about to
happen.
It's just barely peeking through. You
know, when you just get that seed, that
little hatchling, the little seed
is
just barely poking itself through the
soil.
And I believe even like, you know, some
people are talking about a turning point
and all this stuff. Yes, but
there's something so much more
coming
on the edge of time. All the stuff
that's happening, folks, I'm telling you,
we are right there. I even told Pastor
Chip, one of the pastors,
I told him, 'We've got to
stop saying it's coming and start saying
it's here.'And he said that's exactly
what the Lord was telling him. But I
believe
when we start saying it's here,
the glory is here. The glory and the
manifested presence of the Lord is here.
It's not coming. We're not going to
experience it later on.
Because
if it's always coming, something
is
coming all the
time. But I started thinking, get the
mindset of expectation for the
manifestation now.
Why is it always tomorrow? It's like
believing God always for tomorrow for
your deliverance, for your marriage to
get better. 'Well, tomorrow's going to get
better.'Why
not now?
Why not have your expiration date to
what you're believing for now? Why not
believe for the
exceedingly abundantly above all
that you would ask or think now?
So, I'm believing for it tonight. I'm
believing for it tomorrow. I'm believing
right now. Let's just always stay
in that
constant state of
being, in that constant state of
believing that you receive it
when you come together and you
fellowship like that. And I thought,
you know, it's a pull. You pull it.
You can pull it. And it was cool
because
Sister Lynn was talking about praying for
North Korea today
and getting over in those rivers and
praying, because, you know, she
said it was
interesting—I
love her illustrations—she was
talking about how there's no
pictures, there's really no information
about North Korea because it's so closed
off. It's a wall. But as you pray into
something, she said she takes her
notebook and she writes everything about
North Korea, what she's getting about
that in prayer. And after a while, she
has notebooks full, a prayer
journal of everything that she has
gotten from the Holy Spirit concerning
North Korea. So I have gotten all this stuff
about North Korea and praying into
that, about what the Lord has told
us—that
He was going to remove a tyrant,
that He was going to remove Kim Jong-un,
and that his days were numbered, that
his sister's days were numbered, that
God was going to give North Korea a
window of opportunity for a major
outpouring of the Spirit of God, and
that there would be a great harvest of
souls in the days to come concerning
North Korea and South Korea and China
and
basically all of Asia. And He said,
'We're going to have a major move of God
in Asia.'So that's what we're
believing for. He said, 'I have not
forgotten my Asians.
I have not forgotten the Asians. They
have felt that they have been
forgotten.'But
the Lord said, 'Brandon, I have not
forgotten my Asians, and there is going
to be the greatest harvest of souls that
they've ever experienced, ever in all
of time, that Asia will have a move of
God.'And
that's what we're believing for. So,
going back to—I don't want to get
sidetracked—going
back to the
Tomahawks now, President Trump right
now is negotiating and talking about
sending some long-range missiles into
there, trying to stiff-arm Putin.
And I said, 'Don't poke the
bear.'Remember,
every single thing we're
getting: don't poke the bear,
don't send these
long-range missiles. So, as we're
praying into that, I believe we can
stop some of that to delay it and make it
not happen, because this is going to be
very bad for Poland and Romania and
some of these other
nations. But as we see the enemy within
the Red Dawn experience, the Lord said,
'We must pray for America because of what
I saw yesterday concerning the major
building that was on fire at the
top.'And
He said, 'This is the distraction
from the main thing.
This building
was to attract the firefighters,
the emergency crew responders, from the
main
event.'And
I saw tripwires in buildings that
were booby-trapped, that when
the firefighters walked in, it was
over—that
they were rigged for
a
catastrophic event
on purpose to delay and to cause a
distraction from what they're trying to
do over at another place. Does that make
sense, what I'm trying to tell
y'all?
It was a deterrent. That's a good word,
a deterrent. So, that's what we're going
to pray into a little bit more today in
this little bit of time that we have
left here.
So, I hope I gave you a little bit of
something to get you excited. It's
time, folks. I want you to have an
expectation
that God is going to show up and show
off in your life.
Have expectation. It's not just Brandon,
it's not just Diana or
Billy or Lynn or Pastor Chip or
Candace or whoever, it's
you.
God has a plan for you.
God has a plan to do something for you.
You might live in some
hole-in-the-wall,
this little podunk town
in America, or in Australia or
whatever, and you've got less than a
population of a thousand people, and
you're going, 'How is God
going to do anything in this little
bitty town with less than 500 people in
it?'But
you're there
and you're watching online right now,
and you're praying for your town, and
you could be the one that brings
revival to save that whole entire little
village, that whole entire little town.
And you are the one that carries the
fire. And you go,
'Why did God place me here?'Because
you are
called to those people. You never
know. Maybe He's telling you to move on.
Maybe He's telling you it's time to
pack your bags and move into a big city.
I don't know, but I know that God put
you where you are right now, maybe
just for this season, just
for—you're
called to the Kingdom for
such a time as this.
And it could be there just for that, for
a major revival in that little town, and
you're the first one. All it takes
is—how
to start a fire? It just takes
a spark.
And you could be the spark that lights
that fire.
Just know that nothing's by coincidence.
You're there and God has you. You
can
say, 'Well, everybody, all they do over
here is do drugs and sleep
around and everything, drinking at the
bars on Friday nights, and we don't ever
have
any...'You
could be the one that starts
a Holy Ghost fire in there and has a
tent revival or your little church, and
you're feeling it, and the Holy Ghost
shows
up. I thought, you know, when I
told Diana—we were talking about
it—what
attracts us to these meetings,
going to healing services like
Billye's
and Billy, both Billys,
is the anointing.
All it takes is a spark.
All it takes is that tangible.
You couldn't pull me away from it. I'm
like a dog on a bone.
That's what it takes. And
I thought, how did
you get that? By spending time.
T-I-M-E.
Time.
That's what sitting at the feet of
the Father with time brings:
relationship. And I thought—Diana
and I
talk about
it—there's
no microwave.
It's a slow cooker.
It's relationship, just like you have
with—you
don't force your
relationship with your spouse.
What develops a relationship with your
wife or with your husband?
Time.
Well, 'I want—we've got to have a crash
course right now. I want to know
everything about you in the next 10
minutes. You're going to tell me
everything from your childhood,
and
I want you to tell me, and I'm
going to time it, and then you're going
to tell me, and then I'm going to know
everything about you, and then we're
going to be so good with each
other.'That
wouldn't work, would it? She'd look
at me and go, 'Are you kidding me?
This is not
a microwave. It
has taken
time, years.'And I still find out stuff
all the time. We talk about things and
you go, 'Okay, well, I like your
likes and your dislikes and everything
else.'But
that's the way it is with
the Lord. But it's by refiner's fire.
And we come up higher every day. And you
come up higher with the fire.
And every day you go from glory to glory
to glory.
And people want something quick. And
that's why I told
Brianna,
I'm willing to pay the price to get
whatever it takes to get
there—meetings
like this, dipping in the
river, praying, doing these videos,
doing whatever it takes because I want Him.
What does it take to get the manifested
presence with Him?
We know that that's what
breaks the yoke, that's what sets people
free.
None of this other stuff. You go into
a
church service and you just—I don't want
church usual. I want church unusual.
You get something when you go, and
you don't walk away going, 'What was
that? I'm wasting my time.'I want
His
presence.
When you go, man, 'Father, thank you for
that fresh drink.'But I don't rely on
my pastors to bring that to me all the
time.
I get it myself.
You get it yourself. How desperate, how
bad do you want change in your life?
I don't sit there and go, 'Well, it's
like a baby wanting their diaper
changed.'After
you grow up,
you don't have to have
your diaper changed anymore because
you've
grown up. Well, I don't have to have
somebody feed me anymore because I feed
myself.
Well, I learned how to cook myself. I
learned
how to do that. The older you
get, the further along with the Lord you
get. I'm able to go say, 'You know what?
I know how to go to the drive-thru
if I need to.
I know how to go to the
grocery store and fix it, but I don't
have to go by and say, Mom,
Dad, I need you to go and get me
something because I'm
hungry.'They're
saying, 'You're an adult. Go get it
yourself.'You
know what I'm saying?
That's the way it is. I really
truly believe, the more you grow
spiritually, it's time for
a lot of people to grow up and stop
being babies.
We've got to get our armor on
and get ready for what's coming.
Most people don't want to recognize it.
Most people are afraid of it. What's
coming? Do I believe it? It's like I
see part of the charismatic
movement—I
want to say the Word of Faith
people—they
are so strong on, 'We're not going to
experience anything at all. We're
underneath the glory and the glory's
coming because this prophet said this
and that prophet said that,'but I'm telling you we
are in this world. I know we're not of
it, but we're going to see some things.
But it doesn't have to be—I'm not
going to participate in the drama,
right? So I know the glory is on my
household. And as He is, so are we in
this world. And as Diana and I walk into
the world, we touch and shed the light,
but we're still going to see it.
It
doesn't make it disappear. It just means
I'm not going to get
into
the drama of it. The sky is not
falling in my house. It may be falling
out there, but it ain't falling because
why? Because the Holy Ghost is dwelling
on the inside of me and He's giving me
authority.
Now,
we know that in Matthew 24, these things
are going to happen.
This is the beginning of sorrows. So,
you're not going to stop that.
There's going to be plagues.
There's going to be wars. There's going
to be rumors of wars. So, we're going to
see these things, civil unrest, these
things. But where are we supposed to be?
We're supposed to be in that position of,
'Hey, we have our catcher's mitts on,
people. Hey, you need Jesus.
Can I pray for you?
Fear not.
Fear not.'So, praise God.
I'm not afraid
and neither is anybody else. But I'm
going to tell you, I know what's coming.
And the glory is coming and it'll be as
thick as a quarter. I've tried to say it
a thousand times. The dark's going to
get darker
and the light is going to get lighter.
We are in the last of the last days
and we're fixing to see even more, a
greater acceleration of things
than we've ever seen before.
So, Father, I just thank you. I don't
have communion today. I ran out
of communion. My wife brought me one for
travel. So, we're just going to pray.
Father, I thank you, Lord, as you show
me. I plead the blood of Jesus over my
eyes.
And I thank you, Lord, that we have
angels that keep charge over me. And
anything and everything that I see,
Father, I judge it. And I thank you,
Lord. Hey, I can do it with a chip.
That'll work.
I'll take it with a chip. And just give
me some of that sparkling tea
right there. That tea. That'll work.
We have
lots
at home now.
But I'm in a hotel room. So, I want to
clarify that. I'm not saying I don't
have communion. I have communion,
but I don't have it at the hotel.
So, this will work today. This will
work. You forgive me? I'm not trying to
be disrespectful to Catholics. I'm not
trying to be disrespectful. You know,
I have a lot of people from a lot of
different backgrounds and they got
really offended when I did this last
time. I'm not trying to be
disrespectful.
So, Father, I thank you, Father, for the
body.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that you
see my heart. I'm just doing the best I
can with what I have here.
I'm doing the best I can with what I
have here.
And I'm so grateful,
Father, for your body that was broken
for us as we're in this hotel room.
I thank you, Lord, that you were wounded
for our transgressions. You were bruised
for our iniquities. The chastisement of
our peace was upon you. And with your
stripes, we're healed. And as we pray for
the next 30 minutes,
Lord, we're thankful that if there is anything we
can do to help change things, God, we
can get a lot done with what we have
here. And we take this body in the name
of Jesus and we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise.
And
Lord,
we're thankful for the blood.
We make much of the blood and the blood
makes much of us. And we apply the
blood of Jesus
over us. We apply the blood of Jesus all
around this hotel room.
We apply the blood of Jesus over their
houses.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against us will prosper. And we plead
the blood over everything you've been
showing us. And we thank you, Lord.
We thank you, Lord, that we hear your
voice and a stranger's voice we will not
follow. And we cover it in the name of
Jesus. And we give you all the glory,
honor, and praise for it
in
Jesus'name.
Lord,
now we're expecting
for things to change in the Ukraine war
concerning the safety of the people.
I know what your word says, Lord, but
we're still going to pray.
And we believe, Father, there's a
de-escalation of things.
I just can't get past that, Braden.
Y'all, I
keep... every time I get right up
to that door, I see it, the
warp.
And I always want to pray for peace,
but every single time I get right up to
that and start talking and saying what I'm
saying right then, I get right to it
and I see that war about to break out
again.
I see it again right then.
Other than just...
because
I can't allow my... I don't feel my
spirit lining up with it when I pray in
tongues,
when I pray in English over it,
and it's like
it's not praying a lie. You're praying
against it, and I know I'm speaking by
faith, but at the same time, that's just
like you hit a wall.
So I just pray in tongues over things.
But
let's just... I'm just going to go
ahead and start praying over our nation.
That's what I know we can stop,
and I'm not going to touch that Ukraine
thing right now
until I get more clarity on what I'm
supposed to do with it. But I'm
going to pray over our nation
and concerning that tower that I saw
with the fire on it and the
firefighters, and we'll just go that
direction, okay? So, that's what we're
going to do.
Father, I just thank
you, Lord,
for every firefighter, for every law
enforcement, for our FBI, for our Homeland
Security, for our president, for his
children, for his cabinet.
Now,
I just
saw
October 31st
concerning Halloween time here in
America.
And I don't know what that was, but it
was about
that time frame,
praying over the safety of our children,
that
parents would wise up and stop
letting their kids trick-or-treat,
that
churches would not
participate in any kind of demonic
stuff. Now, I know they have some
harvest festivals and they have fun.
I think that's an alternative for
the kids maybe to do something, but
don't dress up kids in costumes and
think it's okay to dress up as witches
and warlocks and
goblins and everything else. And I
don't agree with it at all. In fact, I
don't participate in it. I go to our little
thing at our church, and they
have a trunk-or-treat thing and do
things like that, but I'm telling you,
I've seen too much in
the witchcraft area.
And I don't give any place for the devil
at all. I truly don't. I do a little
bits
here and there with the
church things. Maybe they'll have a
little carnival or something, but that's
it. We don't celebrate
Halloween.
We don't dress up. We don't even let our
kids, if we go to a trunk-or-treat, we
don't let our kids dress up. We don't. I
just don't. I go to try to be a support
to the church, but I do not
believe in it at all. I've seen too
much.
Do you understand
that? They're out to kill, steal, and
destroy, folks. They
don't look at it as fun. They're into
trying to destroy churches, marriages,
governments, households, whatever they
can do to kill, steal, and
destroy. I'm not going to give them any
place at all in my life at all. You
know, they don't celebrate Pentecost.
They don't celebrate Easter.
They don't celebrate Christmas. Maybe
they do, I don't know.
But I'm just saying I don't...
Anything that has to do with the
Lord, I'm going to be all in. But I do
not celebrate the devil.
He is a defeated foe, and he is
some bad words to me.
And that's just the way I look at it.
He's a piece of trash. And I can say a
lot.
And I'm going to tell you, I'm not going
to give any glory to that punk ever
in my life.
Ever.
Ever. He's defeated. And the blood of
Jesus has covered us, and he
makes us victorious over him. But I will
not give him any
foothold or anything in my life ever.
He is under my feet. But when I'm seeing
over there, praying over these events,
praying over your churches,
okay, this is what I saw. I just had a
flash, and the Lord showed me
this time frame: praying over
trunk-or-treats,
churches, gatherings,
opportunity for the enemy to come in to
kill, steal, and destroy. And so
you need to pray.
Does it make sense what I'm talking
about? So that's where we're at right
now. But I have to say that out loud,
really. I'm very, very adamant about this.
I'm very,
very strong about it.
Do you get what I'm saying?
I
just feel I'm parked there.
You all need to understand you're
playing with fire.
Don't play with fire concerning this.
This is very serious.
Daily,
we thank you, Lord, today
that we get more on fire for you than
we've ever been before.
That,
Father,
the fire
is on us, and it's in us. And Father,
that Holy Ghost presence, that Holy
Ghost fragrance, that when we walk in a
room, people see the light on our faces.
That people see the glory of the Lord
resting on us. That when we walk in an
area and they see us, they say, 'There's
something different about them. We
stand out. We don't blend
in.'That
Father, they see us and they
say, 'Man, I need what they have. I feel
peace. I feel joy. I feel patience. I
feel something. I don't
know what that is, but I just want to be
a part of
it.'So,
Father, I thank you, Lord,
that that's the kind of God we serve.
That you said, 'If I be lifted up,
I'll draw all men unto
me.'You're
drawing them in through us, Lord.
We're your hands. We're your feet. We're
your mouth. We're your voice. We're
your brain. We're functioning in
this earth
as he is, so are we in this world.
And I believe, Father, that the best is
yet to come for the body of Christ.
And
so
we call in the rain. We call in the rain
in the name of Jesus. We take authority
over the drought. We say, in the name of
Jesus, the weather is changing over
Australia. We call in rain in the name
of Jesus. We speak to the atmosphere
around Australia to bring forth an abundant
harvest of rain. Not just a
couple of inches, but Father, I thank you
that it's a toad-strangler. I thank you
that it's a
toad-strangler
type of a rain, that
Father, it fills the ponds and
the lakes and the streams.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that there's
a change in the atmosphere concerning
America. I call the jet streams to
change. I
speak from the north for the jet streams
to change. And I pull them down in the
name of Jesus. And I take authority over
the weather. And I say, 'Rain on
low-pressure
systems. Rain on
systems, you come forth in the name of
Jesus.'And
we break drought, and we will
not have fires over the winter.
We will not have a hot winter.
He's already showed me Siberian fronts
coming through, so that's not it. But we
call forth, in the name of Jesus, rain for
no fires, for dry weather. We call
it in. We're calling in the rain right
now. We speak to the
weather manipulation and the weather
warfare to change. We speak for it to
change now in the name of Jesus. We're
calling those things that be not as
though they were. And we say, 'Weather,
you are changing.
Rain,
come.'And
we call it in from the north, the
south, the east, the west. And we thank
you, Lord, for the rain is coming now
in
Jesus'name.
And we pray over our elections
in 2026.
And we thank you, Lord, that it
will
be the largest and the greatest red wave
we have ever seen
in the name of Jesus, in the history of
this country.
That
people will not become lackadaisical
in their thinking or
shrink back, but Father, they'll come
and be bold even yet about what they
believe and they will vote in
Jesus'name.
And Father, we will have
the largest
red wave we've ever had in the history
of America. And we call every one of
your elections to turn around. That this
would be a time of turnaround, a
time of a great flood of the glory of
God on your nations. Father, I thank
you, Lord, that Asia is having revival,
Africa is having revival, South America
is having revival, Europe is having
revival
with the greatest presence and the
greatest outpouring of the Spirit of the
Lord that this world has ever seen
before. We're calling it in right now in
the name of Jesus. And we call that
revival forth, that this will be a great
time of a harvest of souls. Now, Father,
I ask God, I call all our unsaved loved ones with
the blinders on their eyes. Father, they
may be so unsaved that you
may think, 'Man, there's no possible way
for our relative, whoever it may
be—my
wife, my daughter, my husband,
my son, my grandparents, whatever—to be
born again.'But we believe, Father, that
nothing is impossible with you. And we
call the unbelievers
born-again
believers. For you said that he that
cometh to God must believe that he is,
and that he is a rewarder of those that
diligently seek him. And we believe,
Father,
that you are,
and that you are a rewarder of those
that diligently seek you. Tonight, we're
calling them in right
now—our
daughters, our sons, our wives,
our husbands. Father, they all will be
born again and radically saved in the
name of Jesus. We're calling them in
right now in the name of Jesus, out of
the pit of hell into the kingdom of God.
We call them in right now in the name of
Jesus, that if they were to die tonight,
they would make it to heaven.
I thank you, Lord, that you
don't want any man to perish
but all to come to repentance. So, we say,
'Satan, get your hands off of our
unsaved loved ones.'And I thank you,
Father, that right now in the name of
Jesus, according to Ephesians,
the eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened.
Father, I thank you, Lord, that
their eyes are flooded with light
tonight.
Their eyes are flooded with light. Flood
their eyes with light in the name of
Jesus. And we say, 'Light be
in their spirits. Light be in their
lives. Light be in their hearts,'in the
name of Jesus.
We thank you, Lord, for demonstrations
and manifestations of the glory,
that we're always in that place at the
right time,
experiencing your presence.
We're so grateful, Father,
that love is king in our homes. Love is
priority. Love never fails.
That's interesting. I just saw a school
cafeteria,
and there were hearts all by
it.
And that's interesting. I saw the
tables in the school cafeteria, and I saw
the lunch line, and then all of a sudden,
I saw these hearts springing forth out
of the ground.
But they were like Valentine
hearts—you
know what I'm talking about? Those big
red
hearts—and
they were coming up out of
the ground. I saw hearts.
That's really interesting. But it
was around the school tables, around
where the kids eat,
and they were like floating up like
those little heart balloons or like those
emoji
things—you
know, the little things on
the chat right there,
how they put the little hearts? They
were
floating up like that by the school
cafeteria, how they float the
hearts.
I think it's interesting.
I was thinking, 'What is that?'because I saw
the lunch lady, but the school tables
had food that was all hot
on the table, that you could
see the steam coming up out of the food,
but there was nobody eating it.
And they had forks and they had
everything; it was ready to be
eaten. And there were hearts coming by
out of love, I guess.
Yeah, like those hearts like that.
But there was nobody eating
the food at the cafeteria
at the school.
I could see down
the hall.
When
my eyes were closed, I could see
down the hall, and I could see the lights
were on, but there was nobody there
in the school.
It's ready, though, for whoever is going to
come. Is that for the revival?
That's the kids that are coming in.
Oh, wow.
Do you hear what he's saying? Because I was
praying for the unsaved,
and he has a table that's
prepared before all of them.
Wow. And it's a table of teaching
at school.
The kids are coming, and
so
we're praying into the
kids. Because I was praying into unsaved
loved ones, and I think, 'Why am I
seeing a school and I see
love?'Wow.
But he has a place that is prepared for
all the unsaved kids.
They're kids; they don't
know they're at school. They need to go to
school, but the schooling is
ready, and the food is ready at the
school in the lunch line.
So, what the Lord is showing, I believe,
right there in that vision is the
school.
These kids need to be educated; these
uneducated sinners need to be educated
on
how much Jesus loves them.
They're coming, but God's
prepared a table before them in the
lunch line,
and they're coming. The food's ready.
Praise God.
So, get ready. The unsaved loved ones are
coming to Jesus. I believe that's what
the Lord is saying right there: the
unsaved loved ones are coming to Jesus.
A great harvest of school
cafeteria kids are coming, and they're
going to need to know how to eat.
They're going to need to know how to
learn
because
they go to school to learn, and the
love is there, and all that love is
coming up out of the ground. God loves
you.
God loves you, and he has prepared
a table before you in the presence of
all your enemies—Psalm 23.
Praise the Lord.
Isn't that wonderful?
Be
patient with my babies.
I see the 'Leave it to Beaver'masks again.
They're the school lunch ladies.
They have fishnets in their hair. That's so
funny.
That vision's funny.
For
pastors—there's
new pastors coming.
You've had a call to be
a pastor, and the Lord is
calling you to start churches. There's
going to be a great need for great
churches, and you're going
to know the evangelists,
the prophets, and the
teachers for the fivefold
ministry.
The babies are coming. The babies are
coming. To
show in
just a day, everything is going to
change in a 24-hour period. I keep
telling you this—the 24-hour period
keeps changing. And here we are on the
23rd, and everything starts to change.
It's the point of no return. And the
Lord said everything's going to change
in a 24-hour period. Everything you
know, everything that you've
ever known is changing right before your
face—an
acceleration
of God's goodness, His mercy, and His
grace on this last outpouring, this last
move.
People want to know where the
earthquakes are. People,
they're coming.
We're just in the first part of October.
Great, great change is coming.
Do you know how many people, when they
said this over how
many thousands of years, that there
was
coming a Savior, there were things
happening in this, and they spoke
it, and they
decreed
things, and they said things are
coming? And this is what happens: you
till and water the ground. You pluck
the roots out. You pluck the weeds out.
You tend the vegetables. You tend them,
and the garden, you keep speaking to it,
and you know that we're speaking spirits
sent
forth as heirs of salvation. We are
speaking spirits
decreeing things for the Lord,
saying what he says to say when he tells
us to say it, even if it doesn't make
sense to you. Jeremiah did it
over and over again,
telling the people what was coming.
And now the Lord's doing it again.
Say it, Noah. Say it.
A rain's coming.
Judgment's coming.
Say it, Noah.
Do you understand?
And the Lord's doing the same thing.
There's nothing new under the sun.
You know,
he does the same thing. He has the same
pattern. God is the same yesterday,
today, and forever. He uses different
methods, different things, but his
primary thing is to get you saved,
to get you filled with the Holy Ghost,
to get you filled
physically, mentally,
emotionally, to have a good... Beloved, this
is his thing right here. Beloved, I
wish above all things that you prosper
and be in health, even as your soul
prospers.
That's His agenda for your life.
Beloved, I wish above all things that
you prosper and be in health, even as
your soul prospers.
It
never changed. Same God, same plan.
The same
500 years ago, a thousand years ago is the
same now.
I want you to be blessed in the city, in
the field, coming in and going out.
I want your marriage to be prosperous. I
want your wife and you to not bicker.
I
want you to have good, peaceful
homes. I want your kids to be raised up
godly.
Tell the good news about, go into
the Great
Commission and tell all the people about
Jesus Christ, that He's coming.
It's always the same.
Oh my goodness, I'm going to be late for
church.
I didn't realize how late it was.
It's all right. We
could be a little late because I feel
to pray.
We thank You, Lord, today.
We give You praise, Lord.
We give You praise. Master,
breathe upon me,
breath of God.
Breathe upon me, Spirit of the Lord.
There's so many people tonight that
need
a fresh touch from You, Father.
They need that fresh drink of water
tonight.
They need a fresh drink of water tonight,
Father.
And we believe, Father,
that tonight's their night for that
fresh outpouring on their spirit.
They say, "Lord,
don't pass me by."He hasn't.
He'll never leave you, and He'll never
forsake you.
There's a lot of people who think God's
passed them by. God hasn't passed you by.
He's an ever-present help in a time of
need.
He is your
friend that sticks closer than a
brother.
He loves you
and He has a plan for your life tonight.
He has a plan for you to come back to
Him. He wants you to run to Him
when you have a need. You say, "Well, God
doesn't care about all that."He cares
about everything. If He knows the hairs
on your head, He knows the hairs you
do have and the hairs you don't.
Seriously,
He knows everything about you and what
you need before you need it.
If He cares about the lilies of the field
and the sparrows of the air, how much
more are you than them?
How much more are you than them?
You need to realize tonight how much
Jesus Christ loves you.
And He's leaving the 99 to go after the
one.
And if you're here tonight
and you've never experienced the baptism
of the Holy Ghost, if you've never
experienced
salvation,
you don't know Jesus Christ as your Lord
and personal Savior, if you were to die
tonight, where would you spend eternity?
You say, "Well, Brandon, I don't know.
This whole thing sounds so awesome and
I want to be a part of it, but I don't
even know the first thing about being a
Christian."The
Master has prepared a table for you
and He's waiting for you to come home.
He's killed the fatted calf and He's
saying, "Will you come
today?"If
you're here tonight
and you used to have a relationship with
the Lord, you used to be on fire for
God. You used to be somebody that showed
up every time the doors were open at the
church, you were there. Every time
they had revival, you were there. Oh
my goodness. But you have gone cold in
your walk with the Lord. You
were once on fire for Him, but now
you've gotten a little stagnant. You've
become cold. But tonight you want to
come back to Him. Tonight you're saying,
"I want a fresh
start."Tonight
I just want to
come back to the Lord. Do you think He'd
accept me? You've fallen into some sin.
You've fallen into some
temptations. And you think, "Well, I'm
too dirty. God's never going to accept
me
back."But
I'm here to tell you, there's nothing
too big for our God to forgive. There's
nothing too big for our God to wash you
clean from.
And I believe that
tonight—I
don't like how close that camera
is—I
believe that tonight
is your night for your turnaround.
I want you right now to be bold about
it. If I'm talking to you and you feel
that
stirring on the inside of you, you feel
that your heart might be beating a
little faster than normal, you feel that
little fluttering in you, that is the
Holy Spirit, I believe, tugging at your
heart right now,
saying, "It's time for you to come home.
It's time to get right with
Me."And
you may be just one person on
here,
but God leaves the 99 to go after the
one.
And I want you to put in the comment
section right now, "I need to be saved.
I'm coming
home."If
that's you and you feel that tugging,
I want you to say this prayer with me. I
want you first to put in the comment
section right now and say, "I need to be
saved and I'm coming"or "I'm coming back to
Jesus.
I need a fresh touch.
I'm dry, Brandon. I
can't do this
anymore."You
might be on your last
load here thinking, "How am I going to
make it through?
I don't know how I'm going to make
it."But
Jesus does. And the first step is to
turn back to Him.
You don't run from God when you sin. You
run to Him.
And when you repent of your sins is not
when the Lord found out about it; it's
when you got rid of it.
So I want you to repeat this prayer
after me. And if you're just for the
first time watching Brandon and
you,
or you've been watching for a
long time and tonight's your night to
come back to Him, I want to say this
prayer with you.
And I want you to say, "Jesus,
I'm coming home.
I believe You're the Son of God.
I believe You died for me, and on the third
day, You
rose again.
I ask You to wash me
and cleanse me from all my sins. I ask
You to forgive me right now.
I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a Savior,
Lord.
From this day forward,
I turn my back on the world.
I turn my back on the devil
and I give my life to You. I'm sold out
to You.
From this day forward, Lord,
I will serve You with all my heart.
Thank You, Lord, that You forgive me.
Thank You, Lord, that You wrote my
name—sorry—Thank
You, Lord, that
You wrote my name in the Lamb's Book of
Life tonight.
I believe I'm saved.
I believe I'm born again.
And I'll serve You from this day forward
all the rest of my life.
Thank You, Jesus,
that I'm free from all that trash.
And from this day forward, I'll serve
You forevermore.
Amen. And
amen."And
I believe right now, you just got
born again. I believe you came back to
the Lord.
And if that is you and you just
said that prayer and you
meant it with your whole heart, the
Bible says with the heart confession
is
made unto salvation.
And I believe that today you just gave
your heart to Jesus Christ. I want you
to tell us down below. But not only do I
want you to tell us, I want you to
write in the comment section. But then
if you don't have a Bible
and you are a new baby Christian and
you don't have a Bible, I want you to
tell us. Write us in the email below.
There's an email down there. I want you
to tell us, "I just got saved and
I'd
like my free Bible."And now, if you
gave your heart to Jesus Christ on our
channel, Diana, my wife and I—the one
that just was up here—we want to give
you your first Bible for free to
celebrate your decision tonight to serve
the Lord Jesus Christ.
We're excited about your
decision.
I know this video will be played
thousands and thousands and thousands
more times,
but I believe that somebody's going
to get born again tonight.
Was there anybody?
It's on a delay, so they're still
getting saved. But right now it's
43 right now. 43 salvations so far.
43 people have come to the Lord Jesus
Christ.
43. Welcome to the family.
We're excited you're here.
You've made the right choice. I
believe that today everything in your
life is going to change from this day
forward.
I'm not saying it's all going to be just
a
cakewalk.
You may fall down and
skin your knee. You might
go through some things and trials and
tests, whatever. But I'm telling you,
you'll never have a better life
than what you could with Jesus
is what I'm trying to say. Everything
gets better with Jesus. Everything gets
better with Jesus.
I can't imagine my life without my
friend.
He's not just a savior to me.
He's more than... He's everything to me.
He's my savior, he's my friend, he's my
advocate, he's my standby. He is
everything to me is what I'm saying.
He's everything.
A
friend that sticks closer than a brother.
He's my savior, he's everything. I'm
going to say he's not just a
savior to me, he's everything. He's a
savior, but I'm saying he's everything
to me is what I'm trying to say.
So they probably don't want to put
that on a loop and say, 'Brandon
said
Jesus isn't a
savior.'Nonsense.
So what I'm just trying to say, he is my
all in all.
Sixteen
now. Sixty born again. Sixty born again
tonight.
Glory to God.
Thank you, Father. I love that song,
'Just as
I am, without one
plea.'Thank
you, Father.
Do they have any questions tonight? Do
you want
to know anything? Is anything going on
in your life?
I know it's kind of a different
broadcast, but I didn't have a lot of
time and I've already gone way over, but
I know that this would bless somebody.
Father, we're so grateful.
I know that we're so thirsty, Father.
I'm thirsty, Lord, and I've been
underneath the fountain a lot.
But Lord, you can never get
enough.
There's always more.
There's always more. What's amazing,
even whenever you have amazing services
and you go to a healing revival or you
go to these, there's more.
There's more.
I just know it.
You're never going to tap it out,
where you go, 'Well, I've experienced
everything that God has for me to
experience.'His
mercies are new every morning. His
love and his kindness are new every
morning.
Great is his faithfulness to us.
Thank you, Father.
Lord, we praise you and we give you
glory.
Thank you, Jesus.
Thank you for the bigger nets. Thank
you for
the bigger
nets.
There was somebody tonight that just
gave their heart to the Lord that had a
very dark past—a very dark past
from
what I just saw.
You were a person that was into
some very dark stuff,
but you just got born again.
Yes, he forgave you.
You had a
very dark past,
but tonight you just gave your heart to
Jesus Christ. And I say, welcome to the
family.
He's washed you white as snow.
He's forgiven you. And as far as the east
is from the west, he's taken our sins
from us. He's cast them into the sea of
forgetfulness. And the best
is yet to come.
Behold,
he makes all things new.
That's very interesting.
This person was messing around with a lot
of dead stuff,
fascinated with dead bodies. And this
was
very dark.
You know who I'm talking to:
fascinated with death,
all into death.
But guess what? Jesus is life. He's
alive.
He's seated at the right hand of the
Father, making intercession for you right
now.
No matter how dark your past is,
no matter how dark it was, it's over.
It's under the blood the moment you
confess Jesus.
Now, you might have some hitchhikers and
you might need to go through some
deliverance a little bit here, but I
believe he came to set the captives
free.
And there's no room for any hitchhikers
in
your life.
You don't have to have those
hitchhikers. And when I'm talking about
attachments,
I'm talking about demonic
spirits that you've
opened the door to. And so, the
Lord wants to set you free from all that
stuff. So we say in the name of Jesus,
your eviction notice has
been served. You have to get out of
here. You have to get out of that person
right now in the name of Jesus.
You are no longer welcome in their life.
And I command those demonic spirits to
let them go right now in the name of
Jesus. And I thank you, Father, for whom
the Son has set free is free indeed. And
those passengers are leaving right now
in the name of Jesus. We call them free.
We call them healed. We call them whole.
We call them well. And the mental
torment that they've been going through
is completely gone in the mighty name of
Jesus. And we believe, Father, that you
don't just reveal this stuff to us to
try to embarrass anybody,
because
we didn't even say their names.
But Father, you did it because you want
them free,
saying, 'I know who you are, and
we're talking to you,
and Jesus loves you.
Jesus loves
you.'Oh
my goodness.
But
this person, even
in the past, you put white paint
on your face with black stuff around
your eyes.
It's
like somebody was
into
voodoo.
Jesus is setting you free.
Jesus is setting you free right
now,
right now.
Behold, he makes all things new for you.
In fact, you were assigned to try to
do stuff to
us,
but you gave your heart to Jesus today.
The Lord says,
'You realize that Jesus is greater in me
than the devil that was inside of
you.'And
Jesus has set you free.
Jesus has set you free. He loves you.
He loves you. We pray for you.
We pray for you.
Glory to God.
You're
going to be a radical, born-again
Christian.
You are going to be a radical, born-again
The devil just lost a
warrior in his kingdom, and Jesus...
this
is amazing. Praise God.
Hallelujah.
Hallelujah. The devil's defeated.
Do you understand?
Isn't God good?
He came to set the captives free.
Hallelujah.
Thank you, Lord.
The angels in heaven are rejoicing.
Thank you, Father.
Well, praise the Lord for that.
I'm glad I gave that altar call. That
was cool. I saw that person. I don't
know who this is,
but I'm telling you, God is setting
you free.
It's a woman.
Glory to the Lord.
Well, praise the Lord.
I guess we'll go on to church. It starts
in a minute. We'll be late, but
that's what I'm here
for—for
the Autumn Assembly.
So, then we'll be home.
I'm ready to be home.
I'm ready to be home
already. I love praying in my own
house. It's so much different
praying in a room when you're not used
to it.
And so, but yesterday was glorious. I
pray this was good.
That was the wire we were looking for.
Did it melt it?
Well, we can buy another one on Amazon.
That's the wire we were looking for
for this
broadcasting
gear.
Well, praise the Lord. Well,
if you're new here and you've never been
to one of my YouTube videos, welcome.
Thank you for being here. It's a
lot different. I know we're, like I said,
we're in a hotel. We're on
their Wi-Fi and everything, but we're so
grateful for every single one of you. We
didn't want to miss a day here again,
so I wanted to do a video for you. I
know it's kind of different, but we
prayed and we got some people saved
and
God showed us some things about the
cafeteria that was kind of cool and
excited about that. And so we're
praying for our nation. We'll be back
again and we'll pray
and continue on doing what we do.
But I pray the video blessed you
regardless and that we maybe gave you
something to look forward to, stir you
up or whatever. We just love you all.
We truly do. There's so many of you;
you're
so kind.
You say all the time, 'Brandon,
you've
changed my
life.'I
don't know what I've
done. All I know is this is Jesus and me.
I'm telling you all, if you knew me,
I have my stuff. I'm overcoming just
like you all are. But I'm going to tell
you, I love the Lord
and we seek him together. And I
believe we find him.
And then if we knock, the door will
be open to us.
So, if you could subscribe,
click the notification bell, click the
like button, comment something down
below. Paisley wants to say hi.
'Hi.'Say
'hi'louder.
'Hi.'Say,
'Hello, everybody.''Hello, everybody.
God bless you.''God bless
you.'So,
Paisley prays too in the background.
So, well, we love you.
We'll see you again soon.
Remember, comment something down below,
like, subscribe, click the notification
bell, do all the things to help
us with the algorithm.
We're growing. We're believing God
for 600,000. We're almost there.
600,000.
So, it's getting closer and closer,
isn't it?
Mm-hmm.
We're trying, aren't we? Well, the
Lord's doing it, but glory to God.
Well, put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Oh, Diana is
wanting to say hi, I think. Go ahead. No, you say,
"I was going to get on it and
go."That's
what I was going to do.
576.
I was just going to send my
love through the camera.
How many?
576 got saved. Oh, no!
You just knocked over the Coke on
that laptop.
That was awesome.
Just life,
kids.
Well, praise the Lord.
It
just
shows how it's real. You know,
you're
doing a livestream and you go, 'Oh,
no! Did that just
happen?'Put
a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again
soon. Bye-bye.